add domain-remapping middleware incl. documentation (#25)
sapcc/keppel: docs/operator-guide.md

| `KEPPEL_REDIS_DB_NUM` | `0` | Database number. |
| `KEPPEL_REDIS_PASSWORD` | *(optional)* | Password for the authentication. |

### API server: Domain remapping support

Usually, Keppel exposes its APIs under the hostnames specified in `$KEPPEL_API_PUBLIC_URL` and `$KEPPEL_API_ANYCAST_URL`. However, if you wish, you can also configure your HTTPS reverse-proxy to serve the Keppel API on direct subdomains of these hostnames. In this case, the name of the subdomain will be interpreted as a Keppel account name, and the Registry API will be exposed on these subdomains without requiring the account name in the URL path.

For example, if `KEPPEL_API_PUBLIC_URL=https://registry.example.com`, then the image `latest` in the repository `myrepo` in the account `myaccount` can be reached via the following URLs:

- standard URL: `https://registry.example.com/v2/myaccount/myrepo/manifests/latest`
- domain-remapped URL: `https://myaccount.registry.example.com/v2/myrepo/manifests/latest`

> This is particularly useful if you have an external replica account of Docker Hub, since dockerd only accepts plain hostnames in its `registry-mirrors` option. Therefore something like `registry.example.com/dockerhubmirror` would not work, but `dockerhubmirror.registry.example.com` does work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful if you have an external replica account of Docker Hub, since the docker daemon only accepts plain hostnames in its `registry-mirrors` option. Therefore something like `registry.example.com/dockerhubmirror` would not work, but `dockerhubmirror.registry.example.com` does work.
```

Should we provide an example json snippet which people can copy into their daemon.json files?

Author: That's an operator handbook. I don't think we need that much hand-holding.
